---
layout: default
title: ListAccounts
parent: PAI Core Apis
grand_parent: Developer Reference
---

ListAccounts
========================

*Requires wallet support.*

The `listaccounts` RPC lists accounts and their balances.
{{WARNING}} `listaccounts` will be removed in a later version of Pai Core. Use the RPCs listed in the See Also subsection below instead.

*Parameter #1---the minimum number of confirmations a transaction must have*

{% itemplate ntpd1 %}
- n: "Confirmations"
  t: "number (int)"
  p: "Optional<br>(0 or 1)"
  d: "The minimum number of confirmations an externally-generated transaction must have before it is counted towards the balance. Transactions generated by this node are counted immediately. Typically, externally-generated transactions are payments to this wallet and transactions generated by this node are payments to other wallets. Use 0 to count unconfirmed transactions. Default is 1"

{% enditemplate %}


*Parameter #2---whether to include watch-only addresses in results*

{% itemplate ntpd1 %}
- n: "Include Watch Only"
  t: "bool"
  p: "Optional<br>(0 or 1)"
  d: "If set to true, include watch-only addresses in details and calculations as if they were regular addresses belonging to the wallet. If set to false (the default), treat watch-only addresses as if they didn’t belong to this wallet"

{% enditemplate %}

*Result---a list of accounts and their balances*

{% itemplate ntpd1 %}
- n: "`result`"
  t: "object"
  p: "Required<br>(exactly 1)"
  d: "A JSON array containing key/value pairs with account names and values.  Must include, at the very least, the default account (\"\")"

- n: "→<br>Account : Balance"
  t: "string : number (pai')"
  p: "Required<br>(1 or more)"
  d: "The name of an account as a string paired with the balance of the account as a number of pai's.  The number of pai's may be negative if the account has spent more pai's than it received.  Accounts with zero balances and zero transactions will be displayed"

{% enditemplate %}

*Example from Pai Core 0.10.0*

Display account balances with one confirmation and watch-only addresses
included.

```
pai-cli -testnet listaccounts 1 true
```

Result:

```
{
    "" : -2.73928803,
    "Refund from example.com" : 0.00000000,
    "doc test" : -498.45900000,
    "someone else's address" : 0.00000000,
    "someone else's address2" : 0.00050000,
    "test" : 499.97975293,
    "test account" : 0.00000000,
    "test label" : 0.48961280,
    "test1" : 1.99900000
}
```

*See also*

* `GetAccount`:
* `GetAddressesByAccount`:
* `ListReceivedByAccount`:
