---
layout: service
title: ListAccounts
parent: PAI Core Apis
grand_parent: Developer Reference
---


*Requires wallet support.*

The `listaccounts` RPC lists accounts and their balances.
{{WARNING}} `listaccounts` will be removed in a later version of Pai Core. Use the RPCs listed in the See Also subsection below instead.

*Parameter #1---the minimum number of confirmations a transaction must have*

{% include table_header.md
  n= "Confirmations"
  t= "number (int)"
  p= "Optional<br>(0 or 1)"
  d= "The minimum number of confirmations an externally-generated transaction must have before it is counted towards the balance. Transactions generated by this node are counted immediately. Typically, externally-generated transactions are payments to this wallet and transactions generated by this node are payments to other wallets. Use 0 to count unconfirmed transactions. Default is 1"
%}


*Parameter #2---whether to include watch-only addresses in results*

{% include table_header.md
  n= "Include Watch Only"
  t= "bool"
  p= "Optional<br>(0 or 1)"
  d= "If set to true, include watch-only addresses in details and calculations as if they were regular addresses belonging to the wallet. If set to false (the default), treat watch-only addresses as if they didn’t belong to this wallet"
%}

*Result---a list of accounts and their balances*

| Name | Type      | Presence            | Description
|------|-----------|---------------------|-------------
| `result`  | object | Required<br>(exactly 1) | A JSON array containing key/value pairs with account names and values.  Must include, at the very least, the default account (\"\")
| →<br>Account : Balance | string : number (pai') | Required<br>(1 or more) | The name of an account as a string paired with the balance of the account as a number of pai's.  The number of pai's may be negative if the account has spent more pai's than it received.  Accounts with zero balances and zero transactions will be displayed

*Example*

Display account balances with one confirmation and watch-only addresses
included.

```
pai-cli -testnet listaccounts 1 true
```

Result:

```
{
    "" : -2.73928803,
    "Refund from example.com" : 0.00000000,
    "doc test" : -498.45900000,
    "someone else's address" : 0.00000000,
    "someone else's address2" : 0.00050000,
    "test" : 499.97975293,
    "test account" : 0.00000000,
    "test label" : 0.48961280,
    "test1" : 1.99900000
}
```

*See also*

* `GetAccount`: returns the name of the account associated with the given address.
* `GetAddressesByAccount`: returns a list of every address assigned to a particular account.
* `ListReceivedByAccount`:  lists the total number of pai's received by each account.
